Remove Brightspace from supported LMSs (#2348)
education/classroom: docs/connect-to-lms.md

- LTI version 1.0 and/or 1.1
- LTI Names and Roles Provisioning 1.X

> **Note**: Blackboard and Brightspace course rosters don't work together yet with GitHub Classroom. We are working to support Blackboard and Brightspace in the near future!

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little weird with the edit. Maybe this is a little more clear?

```suggestion
**Note**: Blackboard and Brightspace course rosters don't sync with GitHub Classroom yet. We are working to support Blackboard and Brightspace in the near future!
```

Reviewer 2: Would "aren't compatible" make sense here? "Don't sync" makes it sound like there's a specific syncing behavior that isn't working.

Reviewer: I like that change...
